Simulation-Based Selective Opening CCA Security for PKE from Key Encapsulation Mechanisms.
On the Selective Opening Security of Practical Public-Key Encryption Schemes.
How Secure is Deterministic Encryption?
Divisible E-Cash Made Practical.
Anonymous Transferable E-Cash.
Collision of Random Walks and a Refined Analysis of Attacks on the Discrete Logarithm Problem.
A Polynomial-Time Key-Recovery Attack on MQQ Cryptosystems.
A Polynomial-Time Attack on the BBCRS Scheme.
Algebraic Cryptanalysis of a Quantum Money Scheme The Noise-Free Case.
Digital Signatures from Strong RSA without Prime Generation.
Short Signatures with Short Public Keys from Homomorphic Trapdoor Functions.
Tightly-Secure Signatures from Chameleon Hash Functions.
Two-Server Password-Authenticated Secret Sharing UC-Secure Against Transient Corruptions.
Adaptive Witness Encryption and Asymmetric Password-Based Cryptography.
Public-Key Encryption Indistinguishable Under Plaintext-Checkable Attacks.
Strongly-Optimal Structure Preserving Signatures from Type II Pairings: Synthesis and Lower Bounds.
A Profitable Sub-prime Loan: Obtaining the Advantages of Composite Order in Prime-Order Bilinear Groups.
Simpler Efficient Group Signatures from Lattices.
Group Signatures from Lattices: Simpler, Tighter, Shorter, Ring-Based.
Secure Efficient History-Hiding Append-Only Signatures in the Standard Model.
One-Round Key Exchange with Strong Security: An Efficient and Generic Construction in the Standard Model.
Additively Homomorphic UC Commitments with Optimal Amortized Overhead.
Interactive Message-Locked Encryption and Secure Deduplication.
Faster ECC over \mathbb F_2^521-1.
Continuous Non-malleable Key Derivation and Its Application to Related-Key Security.
A Tamper and Leakage Resilient von Neumann Architecture.
Low Noise LPN: KDM Secure Public Key Encryption and Sample Amplification.
Adaptive Proofs of Knowledge in the Random Oracle Model.
Making Sigma-Protocols Non-interactive Without Random Oracles.
Bootstrapping BGV Ciphertexts with a Wider Choice of p and q.
Packing Messages and Optimizing Bootstrapping in GSW-FHE.
Simple Lattice Trapdoor Sampling from a Broad Class of Distributions.
Simple Functional Encryption Schemes for Inner Products.
Predicate Encryption for Multi-dimensional Range Queries from Lattices.
On the Practical Security of Inner Product Functional Encryption.
Identity-Based Encryption with (Almost) Tight Security in the Multi-instance, Multi-ciphertext Setting.
