Interactive Coding for Multiparty Protocols.
Maximal Noise in Interactive Communication over Erasure Channels and Channels with Feedback.
Simulating Noisy Channel Interaction.
Deterministic Rateless Codes for BSC.
Homophily and the Glass Ceiling Effect in Social Networks.
Dynamic Models of Reputation and Competition in Job-Market Matching.
Voting with Coarse Beliefs.
Complex Contagions in Kleinberg's Small World Model.
Natural Selection as an Inhibitor of Genetic Diversity: Multiplicative Weights Updates Algorithm and a Conjecture of Haploid Genetics [Working Paper Abstract].
Fractal Structures in Adversarial Prediction.
On Learning Mixture Models for Permutations.
Restricted Distribution Automatizability in PAC-Semantics.
A Multiprover Interactive Proof System for the Local Hamiltonian Problem.
Zero-Information Protocols and Unambiguity in Arthur-Merlin Communication.
Information Causality, Szemerédi-Trotter and Algebraic Variants of CHSH.
Non-Interactive Proofs of Proximity.
Arithmetic Cryptography: Extended Abstract.
The Hidden Graph Model: Communication Locality and Optimal Resiliency with Adaptive Faults.
On the Communication Complexity of Secure Function Evaluation with Long Output.
Privacy-Preserving Public Information for Sequential Games.
Uniform Sampling for Matrix Approximation.
Relax, No Need to Round: Integrality of Clustering Formulations.
On Multiplicative Weight Updates for Concave and Submodular Function Maximization.
Robust Hierarchical k-Center Clustering.
The Computational Benefit of Correlated Instances.
Why are Images Smooth?
A Physically Universal Cellular Automaton.
A New Approach to the Sensitivity Conjecture.
Standard Simplices and Pluralities are Not the Most Noise Stable.
Communication with Imperfectly Shared Randomness.
The Circuit-Input Game, Natural Proofs, and Testing Circuits With Data.
Separation between Estimation and Approximation.
Deterministic Extractors for Additive Sources: Extended Abstract.
It'll Probably Work Out: Improved List-Decoding Through Random Operations.
Verifiably Truthful Mechanisms.
Mechanism Design with Strategic Mediators.
Accuracy for Sale: Aggregating Data with a Variance Constraint.
Better Outcomes from More Rationality.
Direct Sum Testing.
On Sample-Based Testers.
Lp Testing and Learning of Discrete Distributions.
Sunflowers and Testing Triangle-Freeness of Functions.
Sketching Cuts in Graphs and Hypergraphs.
Very Sparse Additive Spanners and Emulators.
Monotone Properties of k-Uniform Hypergraphs are Weakly Evasive.
