Predicting Speech Acts in MOOC Forum Posts.
Why We Filter Our Photos and How It Impacts Engagement.
How Viral Are Viral Videos?
Values in Words: Using Language to Evaluate and Understand Personal Values.
Audience Analysis for Competing Memes in Social Media.
Making Use of Derived Personality: The Case of Social Media Ad Targeting.
Antisocial Behavior in Online Discussion Communities.
The Many Shades of Anonymity: Characterizing Anonymous Social Media Content.
Impact of Entity Disambiguation Errors on Social Network Properties.
Predicting Privacy Behavior on Online Social Networks.
Self-Characterized Illness Phase and Information Needs of Participants in an Online Cancer Forum.
On Analyzing Hashtags in Twitter.
Crowds, Gigs, and Super Sellers: A Measurement Study of a Supply-Driven Crowdsourcing Marketplace.
WhichStreams: A Dynamic Approach for Focused Data Capture from Large Social Media.
Characterizing Silent Users in Social Media Communities.
Algorithmically Bypassing Censorship on Sina Weibo with Nondeterministic Homophone Substitutions.
Multilayer Brokerage in Geo-Social Networks.
Predicting User Engagement on Twitter with Real-World Events.
"I Didn't Sign Up for This!": Informed Consent in Social Network Research.
Geolocation Prediction in Twitter Using Social Networks: A Critical Analysis and Review of Current Practice.
User Effort and Network Structure Mediate Access to Information in Networks.
Voting Behaviour and Power in Online Democracy: A Study of LiquidFeedback in Germany's Pirate Party.
Characterizing Information Diets of Social Media Users.
Where Is the Soho of Rome? Measures and Algorithms for Finding Similar Neighborhoods in Cities.
Analysis and Prediction of Question Topic Popularity in Community Q&A Sites: A Case Study of Quora.
Degeneracy-Based Real-Time Sub-Event Detection in Twitter Stream.
CREDBANK: A Large-Scale Social Media Corpus With Associated Credibility Annotations.
DUKE: A Solution for Discovering Neighborhood Patterns in Ego Networks.
Modeling Response Time in Digital Human Communication.
Comparing Events Coverage in Online News and Social Media: The Case of Climate Change.
Linguistic Bias in Collaboratively Produced Biographies: Crowdsourcing Social Stereotypes?
Understanding Musical Diversity via Online Social Media.
The International Affiliation Network of YouTube Trends.
Smelly Maps: The Digital Life of Urban Smellscapes.
Project Recommendation Using Heterogeneous Traits in Crowdfunding.
Like Partying? Your Face Says It All. Predicting the Ambiance of Places with Profile Pictures.
Breaking the News: First Impressions Matter on Online News.
Coordination and Efficiency in Decentralized Collaboration.
On the k-Anonymization of Time-Varying and Multi-Layer Social Graphs.
Privacy and the City: User Identification and Location Semantics in Location-Based Social Networks.
An Image Is Worth More than a Thousand Favorites: Surfacing the Hidden Beauty of Flickr Pictures.
Editorial Algorithms: Using Social Media to Discover and Report Local News.
Popularity Dynamics and Intrinsic Quality in Reddit and Hacker News.
Don't Let Me Be #Misunderstood: Linguistically Motivated Algorithm for Predicting the Popularity of Textual Memes.
Are People Really Social in Porn 2.0?
Taxonomy-Based Discovery and Annotation of Functional Areas in the City.
It's a Man's Wikipedia? Assessing Gender Inequality in an Online Encyclopedia.
Leveraging Product Adopter Information from Online Reviews for Product Recommendation.
Inferring Sentiment from Web Images with Joint Inference on Visual and Social Cues: A Regulated Matrix Factorization Approach.
SEEFT: Planned Social Event Discovery and Attribute Extraction by Fusing Twitter and Web Content.
Misalignment Between Supply and Demand of Quality Content in Peer Production Communities.
A Bayesian Graphical Model to Discover Latent Events from Twitter.
Patterns in Interactive Tagging Networks.
Hierarchical Estimation Framework of Multi-Label Classifying: A Case of Tweets Classifying into Real Life Aspects.
The Lifecyle of a Youtube Video: Phases, Content and Popularity.
Analyzing and Modeling Special Offer Campaigns in Location-Based Social Networks.
Towards Lifestyle Understanding: Predicting Home and Vacation Locations from User's Online Photo Collections.
Social Cues and Interest in Reading Political News Stories.
Interactive Visual Graph Analytics on the Web.
On the Users' Efficiency in the Twitter Information Network.
Contextualized Sarcasm Detection on Twitter.
Participation Barriers to Youth Civic Engagement in Social Media.
Twitter Geolocation and Regional Classification via Sparse Coding.
Reliability of Data Collection Methods in Social Media Research.
A Comparative Study of Demographic Attribute Inference in Twitter.
It Is Not Only About Grievances: Emotional Dynamics in Social Media During the Brazilian Protests.
Psychological Effects of Urban Crime Gleaned from Social Media.
Goodreads Versus Amazon: The Effect of Decoupling Book Reviewing And Book Selling.
Covering the Egonet: A Crowdsourcing Approach to Social Circle Discovery on Twitter.
Exemplar-Based Topic Detection in Twitter Streams.
T-Gram: A Time-Aware Language Model to Predict Human Mobility.
CENI: A Hybrid Framework for Efficiently Inferring Information Networks.
Two Studies Investigating Gender Differences in Response to Facebook Status Updates.
Culture, Networks, Twitter and foursquare: Testing a Model of Cultural Conversion with Social Media Data.
An Analysis of Exercising Behavior in Online Populations.
Analyzing and Detecting Opinion Spam on a Large-scale Dataset via Temporal and Spatial Patterns.
Distant Supervision for Tweet Classification Using YouTube Labels.
A Stratified Learning Approach for Predicting the Popularity of Twitter Idioms.
Conversing in Reflective Glory: A Systematic Study Using National Football League Games.
Organizations Are Users Too: Characterizing and Detecting the Presence of Organizations on Twitter.
Tweet Enrichment for Effective Dimensions Classification in Online Reputation Management.
What Do Retweets Indicate? Results from User Survey and Meta-Review of Research.
Answering Complex Queries in an Online Community Network.
Audience and the Use of Minority Languages on Twitter.
Signals of Expertise in Public and Enterprise Social Q&A.
Assessing the Structural Correlates between Friendship Networks and Conversational Agency in Facebook Groups.
What MMO Communities Don't Do: A Longitudinal Study of Guilds and Character Leveling, Or Not.
"I Don't Have a Photograph, But You Can Have My Footprints" - Revealing the Demographics of Location Data.
Event-Based Clustering for Reducing Labeling Costs of Event-related Microposts.
Determining the Presence of Political Parties in Social Circles.
Penny for Your Thoughts: Searching for the 50 Cent Party on Sina Weibo.
Uncovering User Interaction Dynamics in Online Social Networks.
Moving from Static to Dynamic Modeling of Expertise for Question Routing in CQA Sites.
An Ethnomethodologically-Informed Approach to Interface Design for Social Interactions around Video Online.
A Platform for Visually Exploring the Development of Wikipedia Articles.
Measure Social Metrics with Sodatech: a Monitoring and Analysis Platform of Big Data.
Understanding Public Emotional Reactions on Twitter.
