Behind the Scenes of Duolingo.
Personal Knowledge/Learning Graph.
Educational Neuroscience as a Tool to Understand Learning and Learning Disabilities in Mathematics.
The Future of Practical Applications of EDM at Scale.
Ethics and Privacy in EDM.
Grand Challenges for EDM and Related Research Areas.
Metrics for Evaluation of Student Models.
Multi-Armed Bandits for Intelligent Tutoring Systems.
Developing Computational Methods to Measure and Track Learners' Spatial Reasoning in an Open-Ended Simulation.
Move your lamp post: Recent data reflects learner knowledge better than older data.
A Partition Tree Approach to Combine Techniques to Refine Item to Skills Q-Matrices.
On the Performance Characteristics of Latent-Factor and Knowledge Tracing Models.
Mixture Modeling of Individual Learning Curves.
Accounting for Slipping and Other False Negatives in Logistic Models of Student Learning.
Learning Environments and Inquiry Behaviors in Science Inquiry Learning: How Their Interplay Affects the Development of Conceptual Understanding in Physics.
Toward a Real-time (Day) Dreamcatcher: Detecting Mind Wandering Episodes During Online Reading.
A Comparison of Face-based and Interaction-based Affect Detectors in Physics Playground.
Exploring Dynamical Assessments of Affect, Behavior, and Cognition and Math State Test Achievement.
Sensor-Free or Sensor-Full: A Comparison of Data Modalities in Multi-Channel Affect Detection.
Machine Beats Experts: Automatic Discovery of Skill Models for Data-Driven Online Courseware Refinement.
Student Models for Prior Knowledge Estimation.
Discovering Prerequisite Structure of Skills through Probabilistic Association Rules Mining.
Choosing to Interact: Exploring the Relationship Between Learner Personality, Attitudes, and Tutorial Dialogue Participation.
Considering the Influence of Prerequisite Performance on Wheel Spinning.
Comparing Novice and Experienced Students in Virtual Performance Assessments.
The Impact of Incorporating Student Confidence Items into an Intelligent Tutor: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Analyzing Early At-Risk Factors in Higher Education e-Learning Courses.
Do Country Stereotypes Exist in Educational Data? A Clustering Approach for Large, Sparse, and Weighted Data.
Student Privacy and Educational Data Mining: Perspectives from Industry.
Beyond Prediction: Towards Automatic Intervention in MOOC Student Stop-out.
From Predictive Models to Instructional Policies.
Your Model Is Predictive - but Is It Useful? Theoretical and Empirical Considerations of a New Paradigm for Adaptive Tutoring Evaluation.
Automated Session-Quality Assessment for Human Tutoring Based on Expert Ratings of Tutoring Success.
A Framework for Multifaceted Evaluation of Student Models.
Predicting Student Performance In a Collaborative Learning Environment.
Learning Instructor Intervention from MOOC Forums: Early Results and Issues.
Investigating How Student's Cognitive Behavior in MOOC Discussion Forum Affect Learning Gains.
Methodological Challenges in the Analysis of MOOC Data for Exploring the Relationship between Discussion Forum Views and Learning Outcomes.
Influence Analysis by Heterogeneous Network in MOOC Forums: What can We Discover?
Modeling Learners' Social Centrality and Performance through Language and Discourse.
You are your words: Modeling Students' Vocabulary Knowledge with Natural Language Processing Techniques.
Automatic Identification of Nutritious Contexts for Learning Vocabulary Words.
Mining a Written Values Affirmation Intervention to Identify the Unique Linguistic Features of Stigmatized Groups.
Classifying Q&A from Teachers' Speech: Moving Toward an Automated System of Dialogic Analysis.
Topic Transition in Educational Videos Using Visually Salient Words.
YouEDU: Addressing Confusion in MOOC Discussion Forums by Recommending Instructional Video Clips.
Seeing the Instructor in Two Video Styles: Preferences and Patterns.
Using Partial Credit and Response History to Model User Knowledge.
Translating Head Motion into Attention - Towards Processing of Student's Body-Language.
Using Visual Analytics Tool for Improving Data Comprehension.
Data-Driven Proficiency Profiling.
Interaction Network Estimation: Predicting Problem-Solving Diversity in Interactive Environments.
Why Do the Rich Get Richer? A Structural Equation Model to Test How Spatial Skills Affect Learning with Representations.
Spectral Bayesian Knowledge Tracing.
Direct Estimation of the Minimum RSS Value for Training Bayesian Knowledge Tracing Parameters.
Goodness of Fit of Skills Assessment Approaches: Insights from Patterns of Real vs. Synthetic Data Sets.
A Transfer Learning Approach for Applying Matrix Factorization to Small ITS Datasets.
Towards Understanding How to Leverage Sense-making, Induction/Refinement and Fluency to Improve Robust Learning.
Learning Behavior Characterization with Multi-Feature, Hierarchical Activity Sequences.
Discrimination-Aware Classifiers for Student Performance Prediction.
Language to Completion: Success in an Educational Data Mining Massive Open Online Class.
A Comparative Study of Regression and Classification Algorithms for Modelling Students' Academic Performance.
Predicting Student Grade based on Free-style Comments using Word2Vec and ANN by Considering Prediction Results Obtained in Consecutive Lessons.
Learning the Creative Potential of Students by Mining a Word Association Task.
Optimizing Partial Credit Algorithms to Predict Student Performance.
Identifying Styles and Paths toward Success in MOOCs.
Analyzing Student Inquiry Data Using Process Discovery and Sequence Classification.
Desirable Difficulty and Other Predictors of Effective Item Orderings.
Variations in Learning Rate: Student Clustering Based on Systematic Residual Error Patterns Across Practice Opportunities.
Evaluating Educational Videos using Bayesian Knowledge Tracing and Big Data.
Measuring Problem Solving Skills in Plants vs. Zombies 2.
Strategic Game Moves Mediate Implicit Science Learning.
Predicting Learning-Related Emotions from Students' Textual Classroom Feedback.
Video-Based Affect Detection in Noninteractive Learning Environments.
Modeling Classroom Discourse: Do Models of Predicting Dialogic Instruction Properties Generalize across Populations?
Breaking Off Engagement: Readers' Cognitive Decoupling as a Function of Reader and Text Characteristics.
Semantic Similarity Graphs of Mathematics Word Problems: Can Terminology Detection Help?
An Analysis of Peer-submitted and Peer-reviewed Answer Rationales in a Web-based Peer Instruction Based Learning Environment.
Learning Analytics Platform. Towards an Open Scalable Streaming Solution for Education.
Improving Student Performance Using Nudge Analytics.
Educational Reports That Scale Across Users and Data.
Mining Login Data For Actionable Student Insight.
Building Models to Predict Hint-or-Attempt Actions of Students.
Modeling Students' Memory for Application in Adaptive Educational Systems.
Psychological Effects of In-Group Activity Feedback in an Online Explanation Task: Lexical Network Analysis.
Personalized Education; Solving a Group Formation and Scheduling Problem for Educational Content.
An Approach of Collaboration Analytics in MOOCs Using Social Network Analysis and Influence Diagram.
On Convergence of Cognitive and Non-cognitive Behavior in Collaborative Activity.
The Impact of Small Learning Group Composition on Drop-Out Rate and Learning Performance in a MOOC.
Exploring Causal Mechanisms in a Randomized Effectiveness Trial of the Cognitive Tutor Algebra I Program.
Confounding Carelessness? Exploring Causal Relationships Between Carelessness, Affect, Behavior, and Learning in Cognitive Tutor Algebra Using Graphical Causal Models.
Students at Risk: Detection and Remediation.
Intelligent Tutor Recommender System for On-Line Educational Environments.
Discovering the Pedagogical Resources that Assist Students to Answer Questions Correctly - A Machine Learning Approach.
Using Topic Segmentation Models for the Automatic Organisation of MOOCs resources.
How High School, College, and Online Students Differentially Engage with an Interactive Digital Textbook.
Modeling Exercise Relationships in E-Learning: A Unified Approach.
Using Knowledge Components for Collaborative Filtering in Adaptive Tutoring Systems.
Exploring the Influence of ICT in online Education Through Data Mining Tools.
Understanding Revision Planning in Peer-Reviewed Writing.
Convergent Validity of a Student Model: Recent-Performance Factors Analysis.
Automatic Grading of Short Answers for MOOC via Semi-supervised Document Clustering.
Discovering Students' Navigation Paths in Moodle.
Teacher-Student Classroom Interactions: A Computational Approach.
Modeling Student Learning: Binary or Continuous Skill?
An Analysis of Response Times in Adaptive Practice of Geography Facts.
Achievement versus Experience: Predicting Students' Choices during Gameplay.
How to Aggregate Multimodal Features for Perceived Task Difficulty Recognition in Intelligent Tutoring Systems.
Teacher and Learner Behaviour in an Online EFL Workbook.
Skill Assessment Using Behavior Data in Virtual World.
Pacing through MOOCs: Course Design or Teaching Effect?
Integrating a Web-based ITS with DM tools for Providing Learning Path Optimization and Visual Analytics.
Different Patterns of Students' Interaction with Mooodle and Their Relationship with Achievement.
Educational Data Mining in an Open-Ended Remote Laboratory on Electric Circuits. Goals and Preliminary Results.
Discovering Process in Curriculum Data to Provide Recommendation.
Improving Long-Term Retention Level in an Environment of Personalized Expanding Intervals.
Exploring Problem-Solving Behavior in an Optics Game.
Simulating Multi-Subject Momentary Time Sampling.
Analyzing Students' Interaction Based on Their Response to Determine Their Learning Outcomes.
Exploring the Impact of Spacing in Mathematics Learning through Data Mining.
Toward Data-Driven Analyses of Electronic Text Books.
How to Visualize Success: Presenting Complex Data in a Writing Strategy Tutor.
Adjusting the weights of assessment elements in the evaluation of Final Year Projects.
Predicting Students' Outcome by Interaction Monitoring.
Hierarchical Dialogue Act Classification in Online Tutoring Sessions.
Towards Freshmen Performance Prediction.
Generalising IRT to Discriminate Between Examinees.
Detection of Learners with a Performance Inconsistent with Their Effort.
A Probabilistic Model for Knowledge Component Naming.
An Improved Data-Driven Hint Selection Algorithm for Probability Tutors.
Good Communities and Bad Communities: Does Membership Affect Performance?
A Model for Student Action Prediction in 3D Virtual Environments for Procedural Training.
The Impact of Instructional Intervention and Practice on Help-Seeking Strategies within an ITS.
Predicting Performance on Dichotomous Questions: Comparing Models for Large-Scale Adaptive Testing.
The Effect of the Distribution of Predictions of User Models.
Predicting Student Aptitude Using Performance History.
Discovering Concept Maps from Textual Sources.
Integrating Process and Product Data: The Case of an Automated Writing Evaluation System.
Application of Sentiment and Topic Analysis to Teacher Evaluation Policy in the U.S.
Defining Mastery: Knowledge Tracing Versus N- Consecutive Correct Responses.
A Toolbox for Adaptive Sequence Dissimilarity Measures for Intelligent Tutoring Systems.
Carnegie Learning's Cognitive Tutor.
SAP: Student Attrition Predictor.
Dynamic User Modeling within a Game-Based ITS.
Use of Time Information in Models behind Adaptive Practice System for Building Fluency in Mathematics.
Integrating Learning Styles into Adaptive e-Learning System.
Modeling Speed-Accuracy Tradeoff in Adaptive System for Practicing Estimation.
Reimagining Khan Analytics for Student Coaches.
Data Analysis Tools and Methods for Improving the Interaction Design in e-Learning.
Assessing the Roles of Student Engagement and Academic Emotions within Middle School Computer-Based Learning in College-Going Pathways.
Who Do You Think I Am? Modeling Individual Differences for More Adaptive and Effective Instruction.
Developing Self-Regulated Learners Through an Intelligent Tutoring System.
Data-driven Hint Generation from Peer Debugging Solutions.
Enhancing Student Motivation and Learning Within Adaptive Tutors.
Estimating the Local Size and Coverage of Interaction Network Regions.
