Design Everything by Yourself.
Design and Evaluation of a Peripheral Robotic Conversation Companion.
Mechanical Ottoman: How Robotic Furniture Offers and Withdraws Support.
Communicating Directionality in Flying Robots.
The Privacy-Utility Tradeoff for Remotely Teleoperated Robots.
May I help you?: Design of Human-like Polite Approaching Behavior.
Robot Form and Motion Influences Social Attention.
Effects of Robot Motion on Human-Robot Collaboration.
Escaping from Children's Abuse of Social Robots.
The Robot Who Tried Too Hard: Social Behaviour of a Robot Tutor Can Negatively Affect Child Learning.
Emotional Storytelling in the Classroom: Individual versus Group Interaction between Children and Robots.
When Children Teach a Robot to Write: An Autonomous Teachable Humanoid Which Uses Simulated Handwriting.
Can Children Catch Curiosity from a Social Robot?
Comparing Models of Disengagement in Individual and Group Interactions.
Of Robots, Humans, Bodies and Intelligence: Body Languages for Human Robot Interaction.
Rabble of Robots Effects: Number and Form of Robots Modulates Attitudes, Emotions, and Stereotypes.
Sacrifice One For the Good of Many?: People Apply Different Moral Norms to Human and Robot Agents.
Poor Thing! Would You Feel Sorry for a Simulated Robot?: A comparison of empathy toward a physical and a simulated robot.
Observer Perception of Dominance and Mirroring Behavior in Human-Robot Relationships.
Would You Trust a (Faulty) Robot?: Effects of Error, Task Type and Personality on Human-Robot Cooperation and Trust.
Moderating a Robot's Ability to Influence People Through its Level of Sociocontextual Interactivity.
Effects of Culture on the Credibility of Robot Speech: A Comparison between English and Arabic.
Evidence that Robots Trigger a Cheating Detector in Humans.
Will People Keep the Secret of a Humanoid Robot?: Psychological Intimacy in HRI.
Robot Presence and Human Honesty: Experimental Evidence.
Efficient Model Learning from Joint-Action Demonstrations for Human-Robot Collaborative Tasks.
Bounds of Neglect Benevolence in Input Timing for Human Interaction with Robotic Swarms.
Interactive Hierarchical Task Learning from a Single Demonstration.
How Robot Verbal Feedback Can Improve Team Performance in Human-Robot Task Collaborations.
OPTIMo: Online Probabilistic Trust Inference Model for Asymmetric Human-Robot Collaborations.
Using Robots to Moderate Team Conflict: The Case of Repairing Violations.
Face the Music and Glance: How Nonverbal Behaviour Aids Human Robot Relationships Based in Music.
Chasing Our Science Fiction Future.
Shaking Hands and Cooperation in Tele-present Human-Robot Negotiation.
Speech and Gesture Emphasis Effects for Robotic and Human Communicators: A Direct Comparison.
Haptic Human-Robot Affective Interaction in a Handshaking Social Protocol.
Embodied Collaborative Referring Expression Generation in Situated Human-Robot Interaction.
Bringing the Scene Back to the Tele-operator: Auditory Scene Manipulation for Tele-presence Systems.
Environment Perception in the Presence of Kinesthetic or Tactile Guidance Virtual Fixtures.
Robot-Centric Activity Prediction from First-Person Videos: What Will They Do to Me'.
Mutual Modelling in Robotics: Inspirations for the Next Steps.
Learning to Interact with a Human Partner.
Robots in the Home: Qualitative and Quantitative Insights into Kitchen Organization.
Are Robots Ready for Administering Health Status Surveys': First Results from an HRI Study with Subjects with Parkinson's Disease.
Measuring the Efficacy of Robots in Autism Therapy: How Informative are Standard HRI Metrics'.
Interaction Expands Function: Social Shaping of the Therapeutic Robot PARO in a Nursing Home.
