Front Matter.
Approximating independent sets in sparse graphs.
Spider covers for prize-collecting network activation problem.
On Survivable Set Connectivity.
A note on the ring loading problem.
New Approximation Schemes for Unsplittable Flow on a Path.
Welfare Maximization with Production Costs: A Primal Dual Approach.
Pricing Online Decisions: Beyond Auctions.
An n-to-1 Bidder Reduction for Multi-item Auctions and its Applications.
On the Complexity of Computing an Equilibrium in Combinatorial Auctions.
Combinatorial Auctions via Posted Prices.
Minimum Forcing Sets for Miura Folding Patterns.
Universal Computation with Arbitrary Polyomino Tiles in Non-Cooperative Self-Assembly.
Efficient and Robust Persistent Homology for Measures.
Zigzag Persistence via Reflections and Transpositions.
Improved Bounds for Orthogonal Point Enclosure Query and Point Location in Orthogonal Subdivisions in ℝ3.
Speeding up the Four Russians Algorithm by About One More Logarithmic Factor.
More Applications of the Polynomial Method to Algorithm Design.
Beating Exhaustive Search for Quantified Boolean Formulas and Connections to Circuit Complexity.
Degree-3 Treewidth Sparsifiers.
Improved Bounds for the Flat Wall Theorem.
Fast Lattice Point Enumeration with Minimal Overhead.
Short Paths on the Voronoi Graph and Closest Vector Problem with Preprocessing.
On largest volume simplices and sub-determinants.
Approximating Hereditary Discrepancy via Small Width Ellipsoids.
Approximate Nearest Line Search in High Dimensions.
(2Δ - l)-Edge-Coloring is Much Easier than Maximal Matching in the Distributed Setting.
Plurality Consensus in the Gossip Model.
Distributed Computation of Large-scale Graph Problems.
Gossip vs. Markov Chains, and Randomness-Efficient Rumor Spreading.
Sequential Random Permutation, List Contraction and Tree Contraction are Highly Parallel.
Robust Probabilistic Inference.
Learning Privately with Labeled and Unlabeled Examples.
Learning from satisfying assignments.
Approximate resilience, monotonicity, and the complexity of agnostic learning.
Linear Programming-based Approximation Algorithms for Multi-Vehicle Minimum Latency Problems (Extended Abstract).
Internal Pattern Matching Queries in a Text and Applications.
Cell-probe bounds for online edit distance and other pattern matching problems.
A new characterization of maximal repetitions by Lyndon trees.
Wavelet Trees Meet Suffix Trees.
Sharp Bounds on Formation-free Sequences.
The Parameterized Complexity of k-Biclique.
Characterizing the easy-to-find subgraphs from the viewpoint of polynomial-time algorithms, kernels, and Turing kernels.
Solving d-SAT via Backdoors to Small Treewidth.
An exact characterization of tractable demand patterns for maximum disjoint path problems.
Tight lower bound for the channel assignment problem.
Improved Region-Growing and Combinatorial Algorithms for k-Route Cut Problems (Extended Abstract).
On Uniform Capacitated k-Median Beyond the Natural LP Relaxation.
Dynamic Facility Location via Exponential Clocks.
Bi-Factor Approximation Algorithms for Hard Capacitated k-Median Problems.
An Improved Approximation for k-median, and Positive Correlation in Budgeted Optimization.
The amortized cost of finding the minimum.
Approximate Range Emptiness in Constant Time and Optimal Space.
Set membership with a few bit probes.
Deterministic Fully Dynamic Data Structures for Vertex Cover and Matching.
A Linear-Size Logarithmic Stretch Path-Reporting Distance Oracle for General Graphs.
Strong Inapproximability Results on Balanced Rainbow-Colorable Hypergraphs.
The matching polytope does not admit fully-polynomial size relaxation schemes.
Towards a Characterization of Constant-Factor Approximable Min CSPs.
The Simplex Algorithm is NP-mighty.
Sperner's Colorings, Hypergraph Labeling Problems and Fair Division.
Online Principal Components Analysis.
Tighter Low-rank Approximation via Sampling the Leveraged Element.
Sketching for M-Estimators: A Unified Approach to Robust Regression.
The Polyhedron-Hitting Problem.
On Termination of Integer Linear Loops.
Approximating the best Nash Equilibrium in no(log n)-time breaks the Exponential Time Hypothesis.
Perfect Bayesian Equilibria in Repeated Sales.
A Stable Marriage Requires Communication.
The Value 1 Problem Under Finite-memory Strategies for Concurrent Mean-payoff Games.
Robust Price of Anarchy Bounds via LP and Fenchel Duality.
New Approximations for Broadcast Scheduling via Variants of α-point Rounding.
A Dynamic Programming Framework for Non-Preemptive Scheduling Problems on Multiple Machines [Extended Abstract].
On (1, ∊)-Restricted Assignment Makespan Minimization.
A Fully Polynomial-Time Approximation Scheme for Speed Scaling with Sleep State.
Rejecting jobs to Minimize Load and Maximum Flow-time.
Optimal approximation for submodular and supermodular optimization with bounded curvature.
Comparing Apples and Oranges: Query Tradeoff in Submodular Maximization.
Revealing Optimal Thresholds for Generalized Secretary Problem via Continuous LP: Impacts on Online K-Item Auction and Bipartite K-Matching with Random Arrival Order.
A Simple O(log log(rank))-Competitive Algorithm for the Matroid Secretary Problem.
Online Submodular Maximization with Preemption.
Streaming Algorithms for Estimating the Matching Size in Planar Graphs and Beyond.
Parameterized Streaming: Maximal Matching and Vertex Cover.
A polylogarithmic space deterministic streaming algorithm for approximating distance to monotonicity.
Streaming Lower Bounds for Approximating MAX-CUT.
Decomposing a Graph Into Expanding Subgraphs.
Capacity of Interactive Communication over Erasure Channels and Channels with Feedback.
Limitations on Testable Affine-Invariant Codes in the High-Rate Regime.
LP/SDP Hierarchy Lower Bounds for Decoding Random LDPC Codes.
On the Quickest Flow Problem in Dynamic Networks - A Parametric Min-Cost Flow Approach.
Combinatorial Algorithm for Restricted Max-Min Fair Allocation.
Online Network Design Algorithms via Hierarchical Decompositions.
Online Stochastic Matching with Unequal Probabilities.
Fast Algorithms for Online Stochastic Convex Programming.
The optimal absolute ratio for online bin packing.
Using Optimization to Break the Epsilon Barrier: A Faster and Simpler Width-Independent Algorithm for Solving Positive Linear Programs in Parallel.
Approximation Schemes for Partitioning: Convex Decomposition and Surface Approximation.
A Unified Framework for Clustering Constrained Data without Locality Property.
A quasi-PTAS for the Two-Dimensional Geometric Knapsack Problem.
On the Richter-Thomassen Conjecture about Pairwise Intersecting Closed Curves.
Density and regularity theorems for semi-algebraic hypergraphs.
FPTAS for Counting Monotone CNF.
Spatial mixing and the connective constant: Optimal bounds.
The switch Markov chain for sampling irregular graphs (Extended Abstract).
Phase Transitions in Random Dyadic Tilings and Rectangular Dissections.
The Speed of Evolution.
Compatible Connectivity-Augmentation of Planar Disconnected Graphs.
Geometric k Shortest Paths.
Triangulation Refinement and Approximate Shortest Paths in Weighted Regions.
Optimal detection of intersections between convex polyhedra.
Detecting Weakly Simple Polygons.
Finding Four-Node Subgraphs in Triangle Time.
Subcubic Equivalences Between Graph Centrality Problems, APSP and Diameter.
Minors and Dimension.
Forbidden structure characterization of circular-arc graphs and a certifying recognition algorithm.
Four terminal planar Delta-Wye reducibility via rooted K2, 4 minors.
An algorithmic framework for obtaining lower bounds for random Ramsey problems extended abstract.
Robust hamiltonicity of random directed graphs extended abstract.
Surprise probabilities in Markov chains.
Characterization of cutoff for reversible Markov chains.
Lopsidependency in the Moser-Tardos framework: Beyond the Lopsided Lovász Local Lemma.
Property Testing on Product Distributions: Optimal Testers for Bounded Derivative Properties.
Testing Poisson Binomial Distributions.
Testing Identity of Structured Distributions.
The Complexity of Estimating Rényi Entropy.
Algorithmic regularity for polynomials and applications.
Approximately Stable, School Optimal, and Student-Truthful Many-to-One Matchings (via Differential Privacy).
Robust randomized matchings.
The size of the core in assignment markets.
A dynamic model of barter exchange.
Bayesian Truthful Mechanisms for Job Scheduling from Bi-criterion Approximation Algorithms.
Contagious Sets in Expanders.
2-Edge Connectivity in Directed Graphs.
Tight Bounds on Vertex Connectivity Under Vertex Sampling.
Fast Generation of Random Spanning Trees and the Effective Resistance Metric.
Connectivity in Random Forests and Credit Networks.
