Improved Security Proofs in Lattice-Based Cryptography: Using the Rényi Divergence Rather Than the Statistical Distance.
Multi-input Functional Encryption for Unbounded Arity Functions.
Multi-party Key Exchange for Unbounded Parties from Indistinguishability Obfuscation.
Adaptively Secure Puncturable Pseudorandom Functions in the Standard Model.
Multilinear and Aggregate Pseudorandom Functions: New Constructions and Improved Security.
New Realizations of Somewhere Statistically Binding Hashing and Positional Accumulators.
Computing Individual Discrete Logarithms Faster in GF(p n ) with the NFS-DL Algorithm.
Multiple Discrete Logarithm Problems with Auxiliary Inputs.
Solving Linear Equations Modulo Unknown Divisors: Revisited.
Fourℚ: Four-Dimensional Decompositions on a ℚ-curve over the Mersenne Prime.
Efficient Fully Structure-Preserving Signatures for Large Messages.
A Provably Secure Group Signature Scheme from Code-Based Assumptions.
Type 2 Structure-Preserving Signature Schemes Revisited.
Design Principles for HFEv- Based Multivariate Signature Schemes.
Oblivious Network RAM and Leveraging Parallelism to Achieve Obliviousness.
Three-Party ORAM for Secure Computation.
On Cut-and-Choose Oblivious Transfer and Its Variants.
An Asymptotically Optimal Method for Converting Bit Encryption to Multi-Bit Encryption.
Selective Opening Security for Receivers.
Function-Hiding Inner Product Encryption.
Idealizing Identity-Based Encryption.
A Framework for Identity-Based Encryption with Almost Tight Security.
Riding on Asymmetry: Efficient ABE for Branching Programs.
Conversions Among Several Classes of Predicate Encryption and Applications to ABE with Various Compactness Tradeoffs.
QA-NIZK Arguments in Asymmetric Groups: New Tools and New Constructions.
Dual-System Simulation-Soundness with Applications to UC-PAKE and More.
Secret Sharing and Statistical Zero Knowledge.
Compactly Hiding Linear Spans - Tightly Secure Constant-Size Simulation-Sound QA-NIZK Proofs and Applications.
A Unified Approach to MPC with Preprocessing Using OT.
Secure Computation from Millionaire.
Garbling Scheme for Formulas with Constant Size of Garbled Gates.
Card-Based Cryptographic Protocols Using a Minimal Number of Cards.
