Approximating ATSP by Relaxing Connectivity.
Effective-Resistance-Reducing Flows, Spectrally Thin Trees, and Asymmetric TSP.
Compressing and Teaching for Low VC-Dimension.
On Monotonicity Testing and Boolean Isoperimetric Type Theorems.
Tight Hardness Results for LCS and Other Sequence Similarity Measures.
Quadratic Conditional Lower Bounds for String Problems and Dynamic Time Warping.
If the Current Clique Algorithms are Optimal, So is Valiant's Parser.
Language Edit Distance and Maximum Likelihood Parsing of Stochastic Grammars: Faster Algorithms and Connection to Fundamental Graph Problems.
Probabilistic Polynomials and Hamming Nearest Neighbors.
Indistinguishability Obfuscation from the Multilinear Subgroup Elimination Assumption.
Indistinguishability Obfuscation from Functional Encryption.
Limits on the Power of Indistinguishability Obfuscation and Functional Encryption.
Black-Box Garbled RAM.
Efficient Inverse Maintenance and Faster Algorithms for Linear Programming.
Constructing Linear-Sized Spectral Sparsification in Almost-Linear Time.
Guaranteed Matrix Completion via Nonconvex Factorization.
Heavy-Tailed Independent Component Analysis.
Input Sparsity and Hardness for Robust Subspace Approximation.
The Minimum Principle of SINR: A Useful Discretization Tool for Wireless Communication.
Enabling Robust and Efficient Distributed Computation in Dynamic Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Planar Reachability in Linear Space and Constant Time.
Towards an Optimal Method for Dynamic Planar Point Location.
Pattern-Avoiding Access in Binary Search Trees.
The Average Sensitivity of Bounded-Depth Formulas.
The Power of Asymmetry in Constant-Depth Circuits.
Deterministic Divisibility Testing via Shifted Partial Derivatives.
Hardness of Approximation in PSPACE and Separation Results for Pebble Games.
The Submodular Secretary Problem Goes Linear.
Competitive Flow Time Algorithms for Polyhedral Scheduling.
Tight Bounds for Online Vector Scheduling.
Online Buy-at-Bulk Network Design.
Solving the Closest Vector Problem in 2^n Time - The Discrete Gaussian Strikes Again!
A Robust Sparse Fourier Transform in the Continuous Setting.
Breaking the Variance: Approximating the Hamming Distance in 1/ε Time Per Alignment.
Approximately Counting Triangles in Sublinear Time.
Differentially Private Release and Learning of Threshold Functions.
Robust Traceability from Trace Amounts.
Community Detection in General Stochastic Block models: Fundamental Limits and Efficient Algorithms for Recovery.
How to Refute a Random CSP.
An O(1)-Approximation for Minimum Spanning Tree Interdiction.
Reality Distortion: Exact and Approximate Algorithms for Embedding into the Line.
Polylogarithmic Approximations for the Capacitated Single-Sink Confluent Flow Problem.
A Light Metric Spanner.
Near-Optimal Bounds on Bounded-Round Quantum Communication Complexity of Disjointness.
Hamiltonian Simulation with Nearly Optimal Dependence on all Parameters.
Quantum Expander Codes.
Robust Testing of Lifted Codes with Applications to Low-Degree Testing.
Local Correlation Breakers and Applications to Three-Source Extractors and Mergers.
Three-Source Extractors for Polylogarithmic Min-Entropy.
Beyond the Central Limit theorem: Asymptotic Expansions and Pseudorandomness for Combinatorial Sums.
Pseudorandomness via the Discrete Fourier Transform.
Tight Bounds on Low-Degree Spectral Concentration of Submodular and XOS Functions.
Equivalence of Deterministic Top-Down Tree-to-String Transducers is Decidable.
FO Model Checking on Posets of Bounded Width.
Satisfiability of Ordering CSPs above Average is Fixed-Parameter Tractable.
Parameterizing the Permanent: Genus, Apices, Minors, Evaluation Mod 2k.
Isomorphism Testing for Graphs of Bounded Rank Width.
An Average-Case Depth Hierarchy Theorem for Boolean Circuits.
A Faster Cutting Plane Method and its Implications for Combinatorial and Convex Optimization.
Lower Bounds for Clique vs. Independent Set.
Deterministic Communication vs. Partition Number.
New Unconditional Hardness Results for Dynamic and Online Problems.
Tight Hardness of the Non-commutative Grothendieck Problem.
No Small Linear Program Approximates Vertex Cover within a Factor 2 - e.
Approximate Modularity.
Trading Query Complexity for Sample-Based Testing and Multi-testing Scalability.
Optimal Algorithms and Lower Bounds for Testing Closeness of Structured Distributions.
On the Structure, Covering, and Learning of Poisson Multinomial Distributions.
Uniform Generation of Random Regular Graphs.
Symbolic Integration and the Complexity of Computing Averages.
The Complexity of General-Valued CSPs.
A Holant Dichotomy: Is the FKT Algorithm Universal?
Sample (x) = (a*x<=t) is a Distinguisher with Probability 1/8.
Hashing for Statistics over K-Partitions.
Optimal Induced Universal Graphs and Adjacency Labeling for Trees.
An Algorithmic Proof of the Lovasz Local Lemma via Resampling Oracles.
Non-backtracking Spectrum of Random Graphs: Community Detection and Non-regular Ramanujan Graphs.
Interlacing Families IV: Bipartite Ramanujan Graphs of All Sizes.
Incidences between Points and Lines in R^4.
Talagrand's Convolution Conjecture on Gaussian Space.
Random Matrices: l1 Concentration and Dictionary Learning with Few Samples.
Mixture Selection, Mechanism Design, and Signaling.
Optimal Auctions vs. Anonymous Pricing.
On the Complexity of Optimal Lottery Pricing and Randomized Mechanisms.
On the Cryptographic Hardness of Finding a Nash Equilibrium.
Welfare Maximization with Limited Interaction.
