Integrating WebRTC and X3DOM: bridging the gap between communications and graphics.
Evaluating 3D thumbnails for virtual object galleries.
X3D distributed interactive simulation (DIS) implementation and run-time discovery of new entities using X3DOM.
The X3D geospatial component: X3DOM implementation of GeoOrigin, GeoLocation, GeoViewpoint, and GeoPositionInterpolator nodes.
webVis/instant3DHub: visual computing as a service infrastructure to deliver adaptive, secure and scalable user centric data visualisation.
X3D sensor-based thermal maps for residential and commercial buildings.
Preparing and evaluating geospatial data models using X3D encodings for web 3D geovisualization services.
Volumetric texture data compression scheme for transmission.
Hybrid visualisation of digital production big data.
Webized 3D experience by HTML5 annotation in 3D web.
Urban data visualisation in a web browser.
Applicability of watermarking for intellectual property rights protection in a 3D printing scenario.
Web-based data visualization of an MMO virtual regatta using a virtual globe.
An integration of urban spatial data with energy simulation to produce X3D city models: the case of Landkreis Ludwigsburg.
Patient specific 3D surfaces for interactive medical planning and training.
Remote visualization of dynamic molecular data using WebGL.
Semantic query-based generation of customized 3D scenes.
Procedural generation and interactive web visualization of natural environments.
WebGL virtual globe for efficient forest production planning in mountainous area.
3d.graz.at: efficient online city model.
Castle game engine: game engine using X3D as a scene graph.
A 3D collaborative editor using WebGL and WebRTC.
Crowd simulation rendering for web.
Exploring the Jenolan Caves: bringing the physical world to 3D online education.
Towards web-based semantic enrichment of 3D insects.
A proposed model for cross-platform web 3D applications on smart TV systems.
Head pose 3D data web-based visualization.
Matlab and simulink creation and animation of X3D in web-based simulation.
Fusality: an open framework for cross-platform mirror world installations.
Indoor3D: a WebGL based open source framework for 3D indoor maps visualization.
A case study on 3D geospatial applications in the web using state-of-the-art WebGL frameworks.
Fast decompression for web-based view-dependent 3D rendering.
A CSS integration model for declarative 3D.
Dynamic 3D visualizations of complex function surfaces using X3DOM and WebGL.
Textured splat-based point clouds for rendering in handheld devices.
SPLASH: a hybrid 3D modeling/rendering approach mixing splats and meshes.
3drepo.io: building the next generation Web3D repository with AngularJS and X3DOM.
Synchronized delivery of 3D scenes with audio and video.
Animation on the web: a survey.
Model-based design of multimodal interaction for augmented reality web applications.
Dynamic adaptive mesh streaming for real-time 3D teleimmersion.
Autonomous agents and avatars in REVERIE's virtual environment.
Online interactive 4D character animation.
